We know the word non-duality. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so when people talk about it, sometimes it feels
like it's kind of, it's a kind of unity, right? What else? Unity. Unity. Unity, yeah, unity. Where?
Where? Unity, yeah, unity. Right, so you would have an object, you have a subject, a non-duality,
you would feel like the experience of an object without the subject or something like that.
Okay, so my question is, in the 8th analogy, like in Monchilla, it's fighting the rest of the
illusion, okay? When he talks about the 8th analogy, you know, like a dream, like a magical
illusion, like a cycle, like the same, like a dream, right?
So what he seems to be trying to point out is that reality is like a dream, so there is an object,
and there is a subject, and they're both like a dream, but they appear, like it's not like there's
no subject.
Yeah, and I'm just trying to understand which is the correct view, because if you don't have the
right view, no matter how much you meditate, or how much you meditate, or how much you meditate.
That's true, that's exactly true, that's exactly the truth. Okay, now to explain that, it's good to
understand any part of that, how the teaching is mentioned. There is a relative truth, there is an
absolute truth.
You know, a relative truth, an absolute truth, I'm sure you all know that. A relative truth, what
this dream like, miradi like, reflection moon in the water like, all is a relative truth.
In that relative truth, there is an object, but that subject, the object is a dream like, miradi
like, reflection moon in the water like, that is relative truth.
Relative truth, nature of that relative truth is absolute truth, that's the truth. Absolute truth
is a beyond dualities. Absolute has no subject, no object, it's not something, no subject, no
object, but there is nothing we can see.
It's that what the symbols explain, what they say, beyond the conceptions.
Conservation is dualities. Duality, we need to come to the absolute level, duality is stuff, stuff,
a stove of blood, there is nothing further to go, nothing can exist.
So, this non-duality, that is absolute truth. That is really absolute truth.
So, when zoki meditation, when meditating or maintaining that zoki meditation, that is absolute
truth.
That's what, again, may make it, where things are in the reality, or ultimately, we are going to
maintain.
How are we going to maintain? We are going to maintain beyond subject, object. It's not that we
have created that beyond subject, object, reality level.
There is no subject, there is no object that we can see. It's beyond. So, that is what zoki is
absolute truth. Absolute truth.
And all this samsara, what we are talking, nirvana displays all these relative truths.
Even though relative truth has two truths, the pure relative truth, impure relative truth.
Impure relative truth is the emanation or the creation of the bad dualities, and the purely display
is then the display of the beyond duality, or the wisdom display, as it is truly displayed.
So, that is the work that we need to teach and say, and that is what we should meditate that way on
zoki meditation.
That is what zoki meditation is beyond the dualities.